README.md, before:

# Fireflies AI Transcript Manager

![Notetaking](cover.jpg)

## Description

`Fireflies AI Transcript Manager` is a tool designed to automate the process of managing meeting transcripts from Fireflies.ai.
It simplifies the workflow by providing functionalities to fetch, save, and organize transcripts efficiently, enhancing the overall experience of handling meeting documentation.

## Features

- **Fetch Transcripts**: Automatically retrieve transcripts from your Fireflies.ai account.
- **Save Transcripts Locally**: Transcripts are saved in a structured format within a designated folder for easy access and organization.
- **Logging**: Detailed logging of operations, making it easier to track the process and troubleshoot any issues.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/engnadeau/fireflies-ai-transcript-manager.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the cloned repository.
3. Install dependencies using Poetry:

   ```bash
   poetry install
   ```

## Usage

Set the `FIREFLIES_AI_API_TOKEN` environment variable with your [Fireflies.ai API token](https://app.fireflies.ai/integrations/custom/fireflies).

To fetch transcripts, run:

```bash
make fetch
```

Transcripts will be saved in the `transcripts` folder within the project directory.

## Development Commands

- **Formatting**:

    ```bash
    make format
    ```

- **Linting**:

    ```bash
    make lint
    ```

---

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@dtravisphd?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">David Travis</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/brown-fountain-pen-on-notebook-5bYxXawHOQg?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

Commit message:

docs: updated README with new delete feature

README.md, after:

# Fireflies AI Transcript Manager

![Notetaking](cover.jpg)

## Description

`Fireflies AI Transcript Manager` is a versatile tool designed to automate the management of meeting transcripts from Fireflies.ai.
It streamlines the workflow by offering functionalities to fetch, save, delete, and organize transcripts efficiently, thereby enhancing the experience of handling meeting documentation.

## Features

- **Fetch Transcripts**: Automatically retrieve transcripts from your Fireflies.ai account.
- **Save Transcripts Locally**: Save transcripts in a structured format within a designated folder for easy access and organization.
- **Delete Transcripts**: Efficiently delete transcripts from the cloud using local transcript data, utilizing parallel processing for faster execution.
- **Parallel Processing**: Leverages concurrent threads for rapid deletion of multiple transcripts, enhancing performance and efficiency.
- **Logging**: Detailed logging of all operations, providing insights into the process and aiding in troubleshooting.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/engnadeau/fireflies-ai-transcript-manager.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the cloned repository.
3. Install dependencies using Poetry:

   ```bash
   poetry install
   ```

## Usage

Set the `FIREFLIES_AI_API_TOKEN` environment variable with your [Fireflies.ai API token](https://app.fireflies.ai/integrations/custom/fireflies).

- **Fetching Transcripts**:

   ```bash
   make fetch
   ```

   Transcripts will be saved in the `transcripts` folder within the project directory.

- **Deleting Transcripts**:

   ```bash
   make delete
   ```

   This will delete transcripts from the cloud that are already downloaded locally.

## Development Commands

- **Formatting**:

    ```bash
    make format
    ```

- **Linting**:

    ```bash
    make lint
    ```

---

Photo by [David Travis](https://unsplash.com/@dtravisphd?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/brown-fountain-pen-on-notebook-5bYxXawHOQg?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash)
